Table level data operations are useful for cleaning and manipulating lists of data.
Suppose you import some data that has a lot of good information,
but is not what we call clean data.
When we clean our data,
we're trying to rid it of corrupt and inaccurate data items.
For example, in this little data set,
I see some duplicate rows and there are
some text anomalies that might throw off my ability to group things later.
We've already learned that some text and formatting functions can be used to help
clean individual cells such as how to fix this name,
which seems to have its capitalization completely backwards.
However, those cell level functions won't help us delete duplicate rows.
There is a particular Excel operation for that.
Select your data set range.
Go to the Data menu and find the icon that looks
like two columns with an arrow in between.
You have some choices to make in the dialog that opens.
If you select My data has headers,
the operation will ignore the top row of your selection.
If you only want to look for duplicates in certain columns, choose those columns.
In this example, I'm looking for duplications that are exact matches in both columns.
Click okay and the duplicate row is removed.